, 
. 
SECOND AMENDMENT TO BYLAWS OF 
JACKSON OAKS ASSOCIATION 
.' 
• 
i 
. 
~ 
I 
NOTICE REGARDING DISCRIMINATORY RESTRICTIONS 
(California Government Code 12956.1) 
"If this document contains any restriction based on race, color, 
religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual 
orientation, familial status, marital status, disability, genetic 
information, national origin, source of income as defined in 
subdivision (p) of Section 12955, or ancestry, that restriction 
violates state and federal fair housing laws and is void, and may 
be removed pursuant to Section 12956.2 of the Government 
Code. Lawful restrictions under state and federal law on the age 
of occupants in senior housing or housing for older persons shall 
not be construed as restrictions based on familial status. " 
SECOND AMENDMENT TO BYLAWS OF 
JACKSON OAKS ASSOCIATION 
This Second Amendment to the Bylaws of Jackson Oaks Association is made on the date 
set forth below by the Jackson Oaks Association, a California non-profit corporation (hereinafter 
referred to as the Association'). 
WHEREAS, Section 3.02 of the Bylaws of Jackson Oaks Association is replaced and 
amended as set forth below: 
Section 3.02. Election; Tenure; Vacancies. 
(a) 
At each annual meeting the members shall by simple majority vote of those 
present in person or by proxy by secret ballot, or by a simple majority vote of the 
members by secret ballot conducted by mail, in accordance with applicable provisions 
of the California Civil Code, elect'the Board for the forthcoming year (s). Owners 
shall be entitled to one (1) vote for each lot owned. When more than one person holds 
an interest in any lot, all such persons shall be members. The vote for such lot 
.' 
0 
.I' 
• 
I 
shall be exercised as they among themselves determine, but in no event shall more 
than one (1) vote be cast with respect to any lot. Cumulative voting shall not be 
permitted for any purposes whatsoever. 
(b) Directors shall serve from the time of their election and qualification until the 
annual meeting two years hence for the two elected with the highest number of votes 
and for any others until the annual meeting next succeeding such election and 
qualification or until their respective successors are elected, or until their death, 
resignation or removal, whichever is earlier. Any director may resign at any time 
by giving written notice to the president or secretary, and any person may be 
removed from a directorship by vote of the members, in accordance with applicable 
law. 
All other terms of the Bylaws shall remain in effect. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have hereunto subscribed our names this ~;)t::J day of 4lJ..4UGt, 
2018. 
JACKSON OAKS ASSOCIATION 
h?;C,/~AL. 5ti-Nbl::. ./3y 
President 
Ol?lbt ,.JfH. 5iGNJ:.J) 8,/ 
Secretary 
'/ 
f 
'. 
ARTICLE 1. 
Definitions. 
Section 1.01. Jackson Oaks Restrictions. 
The term "Jackson Oaks Restrictions" shall mean 
the limitations, restrictions. covenants and conditions 
s~t forth in that certain declaration entitled "Jackson 
Oaks Restrictions" duted. __ ....J:FJ:cu;bLlr:J,llllaUr:,:YI-?.(jOJ... ____ • 1969. 
and recorded in the Office of the Recorder of the Count~ 
of Santa Clara on the 12th 
day 0 f. __ -= • 
.::Ia:.:1"c::c:,:;h:...... __ _ 
19~~. in Book._--.::8:.:4:,::6;.2 ___ of Official Records at page 
• 
__ ~4c::1~0~ ____ and following. as said declaration ma~ from 
time to tim~ be amendcJ pursuant to part E thereof; pro
vid~t1. ho",,,vc:r. that with r,,"p~ct to any prop~rty within 
Jackson Oaks which is annexed pursuant to Section D-u of 
said declaration. the term "Jackson Oaks Restrictions" 
.hall aho Clean said declaration as it may from time to 
time be supplemented or modified by the provisions of a 
declaration, ,if any. fUed with respect to such property 
pursuant to Part E of said declaration. 
Section 1.02. Lot: Jackson Oaks. 
The term "Jackson O.lks" I 
when used herein. refers 
co :his association as " l~gal entity. 
The tern "lott! refers to any lot designated on a 
c;u!.>divislon m.:Jp ror residential usc within J.lckson Oaks. 
1. 
. " .. 
Section 1.03. ~. 
The term "Owner" shall mean the person or persons 
holding the beneficial ownership of a lot in J .. cl<son Oak8. 
Section 1. 04. Terms ill Artic les of Incorporation. 
The definitions of the foregoing terms in this 
Article, to the extent such definitions differ from those 
set forth in Article THIRD of the Articles of Incorpora
tion of this '\ssociation, are intended further to define 
and interpret such terms. 
ARTICLE II. 
Hembers. 
Section 2.01. Qualification; Proof of Status; Certificates. 
(a) 
tion. 
the Association. 
(b) 
• 
Each O.,.,er, hy virtue of be ing an O,mer and 
until no longer an Owner, shall be a member of the Associa
No person other than an O'mer may be a member of 
No person shall exercise the rights of 
·membership until satisfactory proof has been furnished to 
the secretary that he is an Owner. Such proof may consist 
of a copy of a duly executed and acknoliledged grant deed 
or title insurance policy showing said person to be the 
owner of a lot within Jackson Oaks. Said deed or policy 
shall be deemed conclusive in the absence of a conflicting 
claim hased upon a later deed or policy. 
(c) 
The fioard m.,y provide for the issuallce 
of certificates evidencing memhership in the Association 
\1hich shall be in ouch form as may be determined by the 
Board. All certificates evidencing membership shall be 
co~~(:cuc lVE:.i.y llllLUbl,!r«.:d. 
The nume.! .,mel o:uldrcss or t:ilch 
member and the date of issuance of the certificate shall 
be entered On the record~ of th~ corporat{on m31nt~lned 
2. 
· . 
hy the secretary. If any certificate ~hall become lost, 
mutilated or destroyed a neli certificate may be issued 
therefor upon such terms and conditions as the Board 
mny direct. 
Section 2.02. Voting Rights; Proxies. 
,\t any meeting of the members, each member shall 
be entitled to vote as follows: 
o 
The Association shall be divided into two classes 
of voting membership: 
Class A. Class A members shall be every person or entity, 
except for the developer, who is a record owner of a fee 
or undivided fee interest in any lot which is subject by 
covenants of record to assessment by the Association, 
including contract sellers. This does not include per
sons or entities who hold an interest merely as security 
for the performance of an obligation. No o'''''er shall have 
more than one membership. Class A members shall be entitled 
to one vote for each lot in which they hold the interest 
required for membership. When more than one person holds 
such interest in any lot, all such persons shall be mem
bers. The vote for such lot shall be exercised as they, 
among themselves, determine but in no event shall more 
than one vote be cast with respect to any lot held by 
Class A members. 
Class B. The Class B members shall be the developer. The 
Class B ,"embers shall be entitled to three (3) votes for 
each lot in \lhich it holds the interest required for mem
bership, provided that th~ Class B membership shall cease 
3. 
and be converted to Class A rnambcrship on the happening of > 
any of the following events, .. hichever occurs "'''r11er: 
(a) 
Whan tha tot"l votes outstanding in the 
Class A membership equal the total votes outst~nding in 
the Class B membership, or 
(b) 
On January 1, 1974, or 
(c) 
At the expiration of three years frmu the 
date of issuance of the most recent public report con
carning this project, by the office of the Division cf 
Real Estate of the State of California. 
Section 2.03. Heatinu: Qllorllm. 
(a) 
The first meeting of the members of this 
association .hall be held after 51% of the lots have been 
sold or within one year after the sale of the first lot, 
\vhichever is Sooner. 
(b) 
• 
There .hall be an "nnual meeting of the 
members on the 1st Tuesday of January of each year at 
8 P. H. at the offices of the Association at Jackson Oaks, 
or at such other reasonable placc or time (not more than 
thirty (30) days before or after such data) as may be 
designated by notice of the Board delivered to the members 
not less than ten (10) days prior to the date fixed for 
said meeting. 
(c) 
Special meetings of the members may bo 
called at any time for the purpose of considering matters 
>lhich, by the> tarms of the Articles of Incorporation, these 
By-Laws or the Jackson Oak. Restrictions, require the appro
v31 of all or some of the members, or for Bny other roasonabla 
purpose. Said meetings shall b~ called by written notice, 
signed hy a majorit:' of the Buard, or by the IIIcmhers having 
one-third (1/3) of the total votes and delivered not less 
than fiftcen (IS) days prior to the date fixed for said 
meeting. Said notice shall specify the date, time and 
place of the meeting and the matters to be considered 
thereat. 
(d) 
The presence at any meeting, in person or 
by proxy, of members having a majority of the total votes of 
each class of stock shall constitute a quorum. Unle •• other
wise expressly provided herein, any action may be taken at 
any meeting of the members upon the affirmative vote of a 
majority of the total votes present at such meeting in person 
or by proxy. 
ARTICLE III. 
Board of DIrectors. 
Section 3.01. Corporate Powers. 
·(a) The corporate powers of the Association shall 
be vested in, exercised by, and under the authority of, and 
the affairs of the Association shall be controlled by a Board 
of Directors consisting of five (5) persons. 
(b) 
• 
The Board shall have the exclusive right 
and responsibility to perform the duties and obligations 
end to exercise the powers and authority of the A •• ociation 
as set forth in the Jackson Oaks Restrictions. 
(c) 
The Board shall only exercise the powers 
and authority of the Association as .et forth in the Jackson 
Oaks Restrictions, and none other. 
Section 3.02. Election; Tenure; Vacancies. 
(a) 
At each annual meeting the members shall 
elect the Board for the forthcoming year. &Gch member may 
cUDulate his votes and give one or more candidates for 
dIrector ~ number of votos equal to the n\~ber of lots 
5. 
owned by the member multiplied by the number of directors 
to be elected. The candidates receiving the highest 
number of votes up to the number of directors to be 
elected shall be deemed elected. 
(b) 
Directors shall serve from the time of 
their election and qualification until the annual meeting 
neKt succeeding such election and qualification or until 
their respective successors are elected, or until their 
death, resignation or removal, whichever is the earlier; 
provided, however, that the directors named in the 
Articles of Incorporation shall serve until the first 
annual meeting or until their respective successors are 
elected. Any director may resign at any time by giving 
written notice to the president or secretary, and any 
person may be removed from a directorship by vote of the 
members; provided, however, that unless the entire Board 
is removed, an individual director shall not be removed 
if the number of votes cast against his removal exceeds 
seventeen percent (177.). 
(c) 
• 
Vacancies on the Board shall be filled 
by a majority of the remaining directors though less 
than a quorum, and each director so elected shall hold 
office until his s~ccessor is elected by the members. 
Upon tender of a resignation by a director, the Board ahall 
have the power to elect his succesSOr to take office at 
such time as the resignation becomes effective. 
Section 3.03. Meetings; Action. 
Three (3) directors shall constitute a quorum 
of the Board, and if a quorum is present, the decision 
6. 
of a majority of those present shall be the act of the 
Board. Meetings of the Board may be called, held and 
conducted in accordance with such regulations as the 
Board may adopt. The Board may also act without a 
meeting if all of the Board shall individually or 
collectively consent in writing to such action. Such 
written consent or consents shall be filed with the 
minutes of the proceedings of the Board. 
Section 3.04. Books; Audit. 
The Board shall cause to be maintained a full 
set of books and records showing the financial condition 
of the affairs of the Association in a manner consistent 
with generally accepted accounting principles, and at no 
greater than annual intervals shall obtain an independent 
certified.audit of such books and records. A copy of each 
such audit shall be delivered to each member within thirty 
(30) days after completion of said audit. 
ARTICLE IV. 
Officers. 
• 
Section 4.01. Officers. 
The officers of the Association shall be a 
president, A vice-president, a secretary and a treasurer. 
The Association may also have, at the discretion of the 
Board. one or more assistant secretaries, one or more 
assistant treasurers, and such other officers as may be 
appointed in accordance with the provisions of section 
4.03. One person may hold two or more offices, except 
that the offices of president and secretary shall not be 
held by the same person. 
7. 
. . 
Section 4.02. Election. 
The officers of the Association, except such 
officers as may be appointed in accordance with the 
provisions of sections 4.03 er 4.05, shall be chosen 
annually by the Board, and each shall hold his office 
until he shall resign or shall be removed or otherwise 
disqualificd to serve, or his successor sllall be electcd 
and qualified. 
Section 4.03. Subordinate Officers. 
The Board may appoint, and may empower the 
president to appoint, such other officers as the affairs 
of the Association may require, each of whom shall hold 
office for such period, have such authority and perform 
such duties as are provided in the By-laWS or as the 
Board may from time to time determine. 
• 
Section 4.04. Removal and Resignation. 
Any officer may be removed, either with or 
without cause, by the Board or by any officer upon whom 
such power of removal may be conferred by the Board; 
provided, however, that no such officer shall remOve an 
officer chosen by the Board. 
Any officer may resign at any time by giving 
written notice to the Board or to the president or sec
retary. Any such resignation shall take effect at the 
date of the r~ceipt of such notice or at any later time 
specified therein; and unless otherwise specified therein, 
the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to 
make it effective. 
s. 
Sectidn 4.05.' Vacancies. 
A vacancy in any office because of death, 
resignation, removal, disqualification or any other cause 
shall be filled in' the manner prescribed in the By-La«s 
for regular appointments to such office. 
Section 4.06. President. 
The president shall be elected by the Board 
from among the directors. He shall be the chief executive 
officer of the Association and shall, subject to the con
trol of the Board, have general supervision, direction and 
control of the Board, have general supervision, direction 
and control of the affairs and officers of the Association. 
He shall preside at all meetings of the members and at 
all meetings of the Board, and shall have the general 
po,,"'ers and duties of management usually vested in the 
office of president of a corporation, together «ith 
such other pOl,ersand dut ies as may be prescribed by 
the Board or the By-Laws. 
Section 4.07. Vice-President. 
The vice-president shall be elected by the 
Board from among the directors. In the absence or dis
ability of the president, the vice-president shall 
perform all the duties of the president, and I'hen so act
ing shall have all the pm,ers of, and be subject to all 
the restrictions upon, the president. He shall have 
such other pOl,ers and per form such other dut ies as from 
time to time may be prescribed by the Board or the By-Lal's. 
9. 
Section 4.08. Secretary. 
The secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, 
at the principal office or such other place as the Board 
may order, a book of minutes of all meetings of directors 
and members, with the time and place of holding, whether 
regular or special, and if special, how authorized, the 
notice thereof given, the names of those present at dir
ectors' meetings, the number of members present in person 
or by proxy at members' meetings, and the proceedings 
thereof. The secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept, 
appropriate current records sho"ing the members of the 
Association, together with their addresses. He shall give, 
or cause to be given, notice of all the meetings of the 
members and of the Board required by the By~Laws or by 
law to be given, and he shall keep the seal of the 
Association in safe custody, and shall have such other 
powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed 
by the Board or by the By-Laws. 
Section 4.09. Treasurer. 
The treasurer shall keep and maintain, or cause 
to be kept and maintained, adequate and correct accounts 
of the properties and business transactions of the Associa
tion, including accounts of its assets, liabilities, re
ceipts and disbursements. The books of account shall at all 
reasonable times be open to inspection by any director or 
Association member. The treasurer shall deposit all monies and 
other valuables in the name and to the credit of the Association 
10. 
wi'th such deposit~ries as may be designated by the Board. 
He shall disburse the funds of the Association as may be 
ordered by the Board, shall render to the president and 
directors, whenever they request it, an account of all of 
his transactions as treasurer and of the financial condition 
of the Association, and shall have such other powers and 
perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board 
or by the By-Laws. 
ARTICLE v. 
Miscellaneous. 
5.01. Manager. 
The Board may from time to time with the affirma
tive vote or written consent of 51% of the lot owners, employ 
the services of a manager to manage the affairs of the Assoc
iation and, to the extent not inconsistent with the laws of 
the State of California and upon such conditions as are 
otherwise deemed advisable by the Association, the Association 
may delegate to the manager any of its powers under the 
Jackson Oaks Restrictions. 
5.02. Corporate Seal. 
The Association shall have a seal in circular 
form having within its circumference the words "Jackson 
Oaks Association, Incorporated May 2 
, 
California." 
1969, State of 
Section 5.03. Amendment of By-laws. 
Where a quorum of the membership is present as 
defined in Section 2.03 (d) hereinabove, the By-Laws may be 
adopted, amended or repealed by the affirmative vote of 51% 
oif the members of each class of stock present, constituting 
11. 
the ~uorum; provided, however, that paragraph (a) and (b) 
of Section 2.01 and paragraph (b) and ee) of Section 3.01 
shall not be amended or repealed without the vote or written 
consent of members owning not less than three-fourths 
(3/4) of the lots within Jackson Oaks, approving luch 
amendment or repeal. 
• 
Section 5.04. Noticesj Documents; Delivery. 
Any notice or other document permitted or required 
to be delivered as provided herein may be delivered either 
personally or by mail. If delivery is made by mail, it shall 
be deemed to have been delivered twenty-four (24) hours 
after a copy of same has been deposited in the United States 
Mail. postage prepaid, addressed as follows: if to the 
Association or the Board. at Jackson Oaks. Santa Clara County. 
California; if to a director. at the address from time to 
time given by such director to the secretary for the purpose 
of service of such notice; if to a member, at the address 
from time to time given by such member to the secretary 
for the purpose of service of such notice. or, if no such 
address has been so given. to any lot within Jackson Oaks 
owned by such member. 
Section 5.05. Consent to Waiver of Notice. 
The transactions at any meeting of the members 
or of the Board. however called or noticed, shall be as 
valid as though had at a meeting duly held after regular 
call and notice, if (a) a quorum be present, and (b) either 
12. 
before or after the meeting, each member not present there
at in person or by proxy, or each director not present 
thereat, as the case may be, signs a written waiver of 
notice, or a consent to the holding of such meeting or 
an approval of the true and correct minutes thereof. All 
such waivers, consents or approvals shall be filed with 
the records of the Association and made a part of the 
minutes of the meeting. 
Certificate of Secretary 
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: 
assistant 
The undersigned'Asecretary of the corporation 
known as Jackson Oaks Association, does hereby certify 
that the above and foregOing By-Ln"s were duly adopted by 
the Board of Directors of said Association on the 12th 
day of. ____ ~.~M~a~y~ __________ , 1969, nnd that they now consti
tute said By-Laws. 
Ass:istant Secretary 
13. 
'.' 
J 
. 
.. 
" 
"\~;'" 
BY-LAWS 
.. 
.'~ .. 
' 
V 
. .". 
OF 
". 
JACKSON OAKS ASSOCIATION 
AlIENDMEliTS 
Be it known that at the Annual Meeting or thi' 
Association held on Januar, )1, 1979, and continu.d and 
adjourned on K~rch 1, 1979, a quorum ot the •• mb.rship ot 
Sl~,b1 those present in person and b1 proX1,voted to adopt 
the amendment. ot the B1-Laws to r.ad as tollowsl 
(1) Section ).02(a) At each annual .e.ting the me.b.rs 
shall b1 eimple majorit1 ot those present in p.rson or b1 
prox1 elect the Board tor the torthcoming Jaar(e)' in accordance 
with ).02(b). Each •• mb.r •••• 
S.ction ).02(b) Dir.ctors ehall •• rva trom the time 
ot th.ir .lection and qualitication until the Annual Meeting 
two 1'.1'8 hence tor the two eloct,de with the highest number 
ot votee .nd tor an1 othere until the annual m •• ting next 
lucceeding .ych election .nd •••• 
Certiticate ot Secretary 
XNOW ALL KEN B'l THESE PRESENTSI 
The underaigned •• or.tar, ot the corporation known 
. 
•• J.ck.on Oaks A.aociation, does hereb1 certit1 that the 
above and toregci1ng ...... ndm.nt. ot the B1-Lawa were dul1 
adopted b1 the KeOlber. ot thh Allociation and the Board ot 
Directors ot thi, A.,ociation on the 
1.t da1 ot K.roh 
1979, and that tho1 now conotitute the amended B1-L.w •• 
, 